Matlab scripts for analyzing CalvingMIP Experiment results produced by ISSM.

see [CalvingMIP](https://github.com/JRowanJordan/CalvingMIP).

- `convertHOTo2D.m` : create a 2D model from a 3D HO model, using all the results from the surface layer.

- `processTransientSolutions.m` : the main script to process ISSM results `md`,  project the transient solutions to the profiles, including ice front positions, ice velocity, thickness, etc. This script will call the following functions, and finally save the profiles to a `.mat` file.

	- `convertLevelsetsToCalvingMIPMask.m` : a function to convert ISSM `ice_levelset` and `ocean_levelset` to the mask format in CalvingMIP.
	- `createProfiles.m` : generate profiles for CalvingMIP EXP1-4.
	- `getFrontFromProfiles.m` : compute the ice front position from the given `profile`, using `profile.distance` and `profile.icemask`.
	- `mergeProfiles.m` : merge two profile structs.
	- `project2Profiles.m` : project ISSM model solutions to the given profiles.

- `compareCalvingMIP_EXP2.m`, `compareCalvingMIP_EXP4.m` : plot and compare the solutions on the profiles data, generated by `processTransientSolutions.m`.

- `prepareNCs.m` : an example to generate NetCDF files for CalvingMIP from ISSM model
	- `ModelToNetCDF.m`: function to generate NetCDF file from ISSM model, currently implemented for EXP3 & EXP4
- `checkNCs.m`: after generating the NetCDF file, it worth to run this script to check if the reported solutions are consistent among the profiles.
